docs: break out publisher tools docs into individual pages (#623)
WICG/webmonetization: src/content/docs/developers/revshare-tool.mdx

---
title: Probabalistic revshare generator
---

import { LinkButton } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { LinkOut } from "@interledger/docs-design-system";

Probabilistic revenue sharing (revshare) is a way to share a portion of a web monetized page's earnings between multiple recipients. 

> The <LinkOut href="https://webmonetization.org/tools/prob-revshare">probabalistic revshare generator</LinkOut> allows you to define a list of recipients and set their weights. The probability of one recipient's wallet address being chosen over the others each time the page loads is based on weight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <LinkOut href="https://webmonetization.org/tools/prob-revshare">probabalistic revshare generator</LinkOut> allows you to define a list of recipient wallet addresses and set their weights. The probability of one recipient's wallet address being chosen over the others each time the page loads is based on weight.
```

## Create a new revshare configuration

The revshare generator creates a link tag with a URL that's hosted on webmonetization.org. If you'd rather use a script that you host yourself, check out the [revshare tutorial](/tutorials/revenue-sharing).

1. Enter the first two recipients' wallet addresses. Each address is assigned a weight of 1 by default. A Web Monetization link tag is generated automatically.<br /><img src="/img/docs/pubtools/revshare-two.png" alt="Revshare generator with two wallet addresses, each assigned a weight of 1, meaning each should receive 50% of payments" class='img-outline' style="max-width: 90%" />
2. Click **Add recipient** if you have more wallet addresses to add.

> 3. Adjust the weights as needed. The percentage field calculates automatically and reflects the percentage of total revenue a recipient should receive over time. A new Web Monetization link tag is created each time you make a change.<br /><img src="/img/docs/pubtools/revshare-three.png" alt="Revshare generator with three wallet addresses, with weights 2, 1, and 1. The address with 2 will receive 50% of payments while the other addresses will each receive 25%." class='img-outline' style="max-width: 90%" />

Reviewer: Not sure between two options:
- new link is created each time you make a change
- the link tag is updated each time you make a change
